hi I'm Larry this is total outdoor
programming and today we're going to
talk about grilling another one of my
really favorite things to grill is
bratwurst if like me there are times
that you don't think far enough ahead
and you have to buy frozen bratwurst
again the bun warmer is perfect put your
frozen brats up on the bun warmer close
your lid and in about five to eight
minutes they will be pretty well fought
and then you can start cooking them near
the fire I never ever put brats over the
fire directly I use the indirect method
because I want them to cook slow and be
more flavorful also turn them often you
don't want them cooking real fast and
getting burned on the outside I believe
the most important thing to remember
when you cook abroad is not to pierce
the skin that'll not only cause a flame
up in your fire but it'll dry the meat
out and make them tough people will say
oh yes is a terrible rot when it maybe
have been a good one especially from one
of your local folks who makes them fresh
and you'll just have a lot better Brock
don't break the skin number one don't
use your fork to turn the brats over use
the tongs don't grip them real tightly
when you turn them over because the
tongs can break the skin when I'm
cooking brats I will normally close the
lid for a minute minute and a half at a
time when I know they're safely not near
where the fire is because that X more
like an oven din and gets the heat
around them quicker I think that to make
a good broth it will usually take 15 to
20 minutes because you want to cook them
slowly often you can start your brats
first and then do your hamburgers or
your hot dogs after that if you're doing
a mixed grill for a family half
bratwurst or pork products who want to
remember they need to be cooked to 165
degrees internal temperature have a meat
thermometer to check them with when I'm
going to serve abroad I don't use hot
dog buns I use broth funds it's a big
piece of meat put it on a big bun I use
again I love mustard and onions and then
I try to have a small cast-iron skillet
that I'll use and I'll fry sauerkraut
right in that skillet over the flame
while the brats are cooking and then
I'll put sauerkraut on my breath I'm
Larry this has been total outdoor
programming keep on grilling and it'll
get better and better all the time
you